Page 1 opening page as is; with “click here to enter”
Page 2 “product page” page of photos of guitars and title under. Two side by side scrollable page.  Click on photo for information.  Transfer to individual guitar page.
Individual guitar page enlargement of individual guitar two photos with 540 letter free style description (return to page 2 button & go to page 3 button)
Page 3 contract details, purchase details (I’ll have to write this free hand text for inclusion)
 
Should work on mobile tablet and desktop.  If the opening page is difficult simplify it to a still with a directory down the side?

======

The admin pack should have three main editorial areas
Page 2 (Products page) should look basically like attachment 1.  2 rows of photos with a name beneath.  The functions I would like to be able to carry out from this page are: (Menu?) add a new product,  edit an existing product,  delete a product,  update webpage.  I don’t know if a search facility is necessary as there will only be about 20 guitars at the most on it at any one time.
 
Add a new product:  Click on next blank foto/name frame 
This should then take me to a new individual product page ( see attachment 2) where I can free style type in the name, and download individually from the directory on my computer two photos.   I can also free style type a description of the guitar and any other notes into the description frame.  I should click on a button called save, this should save edited frames and this will take me back to Page two.  The number 1 foto and the name from the individual product page should appear in the frame originally clicked.
 
Edit an existing product:  Click on an existing foto/name frame
This should take me into the existing individual product page where I can delete an existing foto and replace with another from the computer directory.  Also click on description and make editorial changes to text in the frame. I would not want to edit the name.  I should click on a button called save, this should save edited frames and this will take me back to Page two. 
 
Delete a product: Click on an existing foto/name frame
A message should appear saying “do you want to delete product “name”  “ yes / No”.  If “yes” product is removed from page 2;  the page restructures its self without the deleted product?.  I should be asked to save page 2 before proceeding.    If “no” message is removed and original menu appears.
 
Update Webpage:   Click on menu button
A message should appear saying “do you want to update webpage”   “ yes / No”.  If “yes” all current detail from the admin pack is transferred to the live web page;   If “no” message is removed and original menu appears.
 
The update should include the latest editorial changes, but not include any empty frames.
 
Page 3 Contact details:  I’ll leave you to design and so on. However, I will need to be able to edit email addresses,  telephone numbers and snail mail addresses.
 
Page 3 will also need an editable  frame for free text to describe the arrangements for purchasing, payment and return.